CORINA FLORESCU
University of North Texas, Denton, Texas
(+1)682-429-6123  CorinaFlorescu@my.unt.edu

SUMMARY
Research scientist with 4+ years of academic experience. I work in an area between machine learning,
natural language processing and text-mining. My research concerns the development of new methods
to identify short phrases in the text of a document such that those phrases best capture the topics
of the target document. I have developed several methods which benefits the indexing in scholarly. I
am well connected in the academic community and have been presenting my work/tutorials to various
natural language processing and data mining conferences.

EDUCATION
Doctor of Philosophy, Computer Science January 2015 - Present
University of North Texas, Denton, Texas
Master of Science, Databases 2008 - 2010
University of Bucharest, Bucharest, Romania
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science and Mathematics 2004 - 2008
University of Bucharest, Bucharest, Romania

TECHNICAL STRENGTHS
Programming Languages Python, Java, LaTeX, C++, MySQL, MATLAB
Software & Tools TensorFlow, Keras, Weka, Hadoop

EXPERIENCE
Research Assistant January 2015 - Present
University of North Texas, Denton, Texas
· Developed keyphrase extraction systems for extracting keyphrases from scholarly documents; This extraction task aids indexing of documents in digital libraries, and hence, leads to improved organization,
search, retrieval, and recommendation of scientific documents.
· Developed a feature learning framework for automatically discover patterns that keyphrases express.
· Developed a domain-independent supervised keyphrase extraction systems based on the learned representations.
· Developed a ranking model to keyphrase extraction, such that the model can rank keyphrases according
to their degree of representing the topic of a target document.
Computer Science Teacher September 2008 - October 2012
I. L. Caragiale High School, Bucharest, Romania.
· Worked in a team of six people and came up with a model of Dragon with movable wings
· Taught programming languages (C++, SQL, PL/SQL, PHP)
· Designed lecture plans
· Evaluated students performance

SELECTED PUBLICATIONS
Wei Jin, Corina Florescu. Improving Search and Retrieval in Digital Libraries by Leveraging Keyphrase
Extraction Systems. In: Proceedings of the Joint Conference on Digital Libraries (JCDL 2018).
Corina Florescu, Wei Jin. Learning Feature Representations for Keyphrase Extraction. In: Proceedings
of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence (AAAI 2018).
Corina Florescu, Cornelia Caragea. PositionRank: An Unsupervised Approach to Keyphrase Extraction
from Scholarly Documents. In: Proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational
Linguistics (ACL 2017).
Corina Florescu, Cornelia Caragea. A Position-Biased PageRank Algorithm for Keyphrase Extraction.
In: Proceedings of the American Association for Artificial Intelligence (AAAI 2017).

FELLOWSHIPS & GRANTS
Scholarship from American Association for Artificial Intelligence
Travel Grant from Women in Machine Learning
Toulouse Graduate School(TGS) Tuition Benefit Scholarship

ACADEMIC SERVICE
Manuscript peer review, Natural Language Engineering Journal
Manuscript peer review, Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data
Manuscript peer review, Language Resources and Evaluation

PROFESSIONAL AFFILIATIONS
Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)
Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence (AAAI)
